Fixed 35506 -- Clarified confusing 'URLconf' references in tutorial 1. (#18240)
django/django: docs/intro/tutorial01.txt

        urls.py
        views.py

> The next step is to configure the global URLconf in the ``mysite`` project to

Reviewer: I'm not sure that changing "root URLconf" to "global URLconf" is an improvement. The setting is called `ROOT_URLCONF` and "root URLconf" is used elsewhere in the docs. I've never heard it called "global URLconf" before.

Reviewer 2: Thank you! :star2:

    def index(request):
        return HttpResponse("Hello, world. You're at the polls index.")

> To access this view in the browser, we need to map it to a URL - and for this
> we need what we call a URL configuration, or a "URLconf" for short.

Reviewer 2: I would keep the first sentence (please wrap at 79cols):
```suggestion
This is the simplest view possible in Django. To access it in a browser, we need to map it to a URL - and for this
we need to define a URL configuration, or "URLconf" for short.
```

Reviewer 3: We try to avoid using words like simple/easy/just and so on. See ed2d411aa84efc76baba3adf0d0f99df0e44ba57

Author: @nessita I like your changes better! It's more concise and easier to read. 
I initially removed the "simplest view" sentence because, up until this point, it was never defined what a "View" actually is. But then again, I think that is out of the scope of this tutorial, so we can leave that sentence in.

As for @smithdc1 's comment: though I do agree with that rule and think it makes a lot of sense, does it apply to this case? We're talking about the view itself and not any tasks or operations that could refer to the user's skill level.

> By convention, our URL configurations live inside a ``urls.py`` file. 
> The next step is to create this file inside the ``polls/`` directory.

Reviewer 2: Since this is a tutorial, we don't need to provide as much detail to the readers. So I propose:
```suggestion
URL configurations are defined inside each Django app, and they are Python files named ``urls.py``.
```

Then, I think that we need to swap the next two blocks and show the content of the `urls.py` file immediately after the sentence above, and only after that, show the resulting folder hierarchy.

Author: I was skeptical about the swap at first, but in the end I think it's a good way to reassure the user 👍
